doc: nrf: Inform about dfu_application.zip update (#15958)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/migration/migration_guide_2.7.rst

  * When using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MQTT_HELPER_PROVISION_CERTIFICATES` Kconfig option, the certificate files must be in standard PEM format.
    This means that the PEM files must not be converted to string format anymore.

> * For applications using :file:`dfu_application.zip` file generated by the NCS build system:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For applications using the :file:`dfu_application.zip` file generated by the |NCS| build system:
```

>   * Make sure that used DFU host tools support :file:`dfu_application.zip` file with the new format version (``1``).
>     If the used DFU host tools do not support the new format version and updating them is not possible, you can manually align content of a zip archive generated with format version ``1`` to format version ``0``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Make sure that your DFU host tools support the :file:`dfu_application.zip` file with the new format version (``1``).
    If the tools do not support the new format version and you cannot update them, you can manually align the content of the zip archive generated with format version ``1`` to version ``0``:
```

>     * Build your application in the same configuration with NCS 2.6 release to obtain a reference :file:`dfu_application.zip` file with format version ``0``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Build your application in the same configuration with the |NCS| v2.6 release to obtain a reference :file:`dfu_application.zip` file with format version ``0``.
```

>     * Manually align content of the :file:`dfu_application.zip` file generated with format version ``1``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Manually align the content of the :file:`dfu_application.zip` file generated with format version ``1``:
```

>       * Align properties described by :file:`manifest.json` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Align properties described in the :file:`manifest.json` file.
```

        Make sure to update all of the fields that are used by the selected DFU host tool.

>       * Rename binary files that are included in the zip archive to match file names used by the updated manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Rename the binary files that are included in the zip archive to match the file names used by the updated manifest.
```

>         The binary file content is interoperable among NCS releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The binary file content is interoperable among |NCS| releases.
```
